you are now watching a Lucky Penny shop
product feature hey it's little Lucky
Penny shop and it's time for a candy
product from Japan it's a my EG gummy
choco Muscat Muscat I think that's the
type of fruit looks like grapes but I
think that my mean grapes I don't know I
could have easily translated it before I
started but I didn't because I don't
like to I like to just jump in and you
know look at things for the first time
fresh eyes is the way I think of it did
I see that this top once I get the
plastic off there's a top that opens and
I can pour them all out says my eg there
this has the date not explaining gummy
choco Muscat tube let's get the plastic
out of the way how about we start with
that it doesn't eat so I'm gonna use my
white one today and I show that for the
first time in a video okay I lost my cap
on a second
gotta get it that's what the cap looks
like here we go
shiny chocolate gummies here we go I
just drove right now
i'ma need one more just because the
sensation of eating em in your mouth it
was really cool the gummies got a little
kick back and there's chocolate coating
kind of just breaks apart really quick
dissect one of these just to see this
gummy - chocolate ratio here we go
see the layers some sectors the inner
layer a white layer and then a chocolate
layer hmm I think they're super tasty
let me just squish one in my fingers
that's kind of what happens in your
mouth look at that we need a few more
now the fruit flavor that's why I'm
having a hard time grasping
mainly because it's buried in chocolate
I need a few more these are super cool
when the chocolate is really good and I
know what that means I've said it before
videos and people told me in the
comments but my memory slips me
sometimes I've got a pretty good handle
on the the videos we made we made 4600
videos or more so far and I pretty much
remember almost all of them for some
reason I can look at a video and say oh
I know where that came from
or I remember getting that item or I
remember making that video but I'm gonna
keep eating so for my first try of these
let's say these are really good and
tasting if you get a chance and you can
find him give him a shot no thanks for
watching if you want to see me eat other
kinds of Japanese candy I've tried all
different kinds look at the description
for a playlist always you can as always
you can search Lucky Penny shop slow
down the pace yourself it's okay don't
rush and thanks for supporting us and
thanks for watching our videos and
thanks for giving them a thumbs up it's
really appreciated and that's about it
better if you're looking for the item
you just saw in the video click here
watch more videos by clicking here don't
forget to share on social media and give
a thumbs up hey LPS Dave what's up butch
make sure they don't forget to subscribe
oh yeah please click here to subscribe
to Lucky Penny shop and always remember
when you see a Lucky Penny pick it up
thanks for watching